[docs] Improve the migration guide and add examples for transforming tss (#30388)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/migration-v4/migration-v4.md

<p class="description">Yeah, v5 has been released!</p>

> If you're looking for the v4 docs, you can [find it here](https://v4.mui.com/versions/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking for the v4 docs, you can [find them here](https://v4.mui.com/versions/).
```

yarn add @emotion/react @emotion/styled
```

> > 💡 If you want to use MUI Core v5 with **styled-components** instead of emotion, check out [the installation guide](/getting-started/installation/#npm). If you are using SSR (or a framework that depends on it), there is currently a [known bug](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/29742) with the babel plugin for `styled-components` that prevents `@mui/styled-engine-sc` (the adapter for `styled-components`) to be used. We strongly recommend using the default setup with emotion instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> 💡 If you want to use MUI Core v5 with **styled-components** instead of emotion, check out [the installation guide](/getting-started/installation/#npm). If you are using SSR, (or a framework that depends on it), there is currently a [known bug](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/29742) with the babel plugin for `styled-components`, which prevents `@mui/styled-engine-sc` (the adapter for `styled-components`) from being used. We strongly recommend using the default setup with emotion instead.
```

> > 💡 If you want to use MUI Core v5 with **styled-components** instead of emotion, check out [the installation guide](/getting-started/installation/#npm). If you are using SSR (or a framework that depends on it), there is currently a [known bug](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/29742) with the babel plugin for `styled-components`, which prevents `@mui/styled-engine-sc` (the adapter for `styled-components`) from being used. We strongly recommend using the default setup with emotion instead.

Reviewer: Split into two lines:

```suggestion
> 💡 If you want to use MUI Core v5 with **styled-components** instead of emotion, check out [the installation guide](/getting-started/installation/#npm).
If you are using SSR (or a framework that depends on it), there is currently a [known bug](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/issues/29742) with the babel plugin for `styled-components`, which prevents `@mui/styled-engine-sc` (the adapter for `styled-components`) from being used. We strongly recommend using the default setup with emotion instead.
```

For more details, checkout [link-underline-hover codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/mui-codemod/README.md#link-underline-hover).

> Once you have finish with the codemods, try running your application again. At this point, it should be running without error. Otherwise check out the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section. Next step, handling breaking changes in each component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you have finish setting up with the codemods, try running your application again. At this point, it should be running without error. Otherwise check out the [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section. Next step, handling breaking changes in each component.
```

});
```

> Note: For each component we export a `[component]Classes` constant that contains all nested classes for that component.
> You can rely on this instead of hardcoding the classes.

```diff
+import { outlinedInputClasses } from '@mui/material/OutlinedInput';

 const theme = createTheme({
   components: {
     MuiOutlinedInput: {
       styleOverrides: {
         root: {
-          '& $notchedOutline': {
+          [`& .${outlinedInputClasses['notchedOutline']}`]: {
             borderWidth: 1,
           }
         }
       }
     }
   }
 });
```

Take a look at the whole [list of global state classnames](/customization/how-to-customize/#state-classes) available.

## Migrate from JSS

This is the last step in the migration process to remove `@mui/styles` package from your codebase.
You can use one of these two options, by order of preference:

### 1. Use `styled` or `sx` API

#### Codemod

We provide [a codemod](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/packages/mui-codemod/README.md#jss-to-styled) to help migrate JSS styles to `styled` API, but this approach **increases the CSS specificity**.

> > Note: Usually, you wouldn't write the styles like this if you were to write them manually, but this was the best trasnformation we could come up with, that can be created via codemod.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: Usually, you wouldn't write the styles like this if you were to write them manually. However, this is the best trasnformation that can be created via codemod we could come up with.
```

> 💡 You should run this codemod per small chunk of files and then check the changes because in some cases you might need to adjust the code after the transformation (this codemod won't cover all of the cases).

#### Manual

> We recommend `sx` API over `styled` when you have to create responsive styles or needs minor CSS overrides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We recommend `sx` API over `styled` for creating responsive styles or overriding minor CSS.
```

> The API is similar to JSS `makeStyles` but works with emotion.

Reviewer 3: Should we note here that `styled-components` does not work with TSS?

Author: Yep, done.

## CSS Specificity

If you want to apply styles to components by importing a css file, you need to bump up specificity in order to always select the correct component.

> Consider the following example.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Consider the following example:
```
